Q1:
1.Prompt up the user to enter the final account value, the annual interest rate and the number of years.
2.Use "eval" to convert the input string into a number. Assign the number to three variables: final 
account value, annual interest rate, number of years.
3.Use computation to calculate the initial deposit amount.
4.Use "print" to output the result.

Q2:
1.Assign the input string to a variable: integer.
2.Use length function to calcute the length of the string. Save the length to the variable: length.
3.Use a for loop and range() to print out each element of the string individually.
4.Because "print" will change line automatically. Therefore, every element of the string will be dispayed
one by one in each line.

Q3:
1.Let the user to enter a positive number. 
2.Use "eval" to convert the input string into a number. Assign the number to the variable: number.
3.Let integer=0. Iterate from 0 to the correct answer.
4.Use while True to avoid the condition to be meaningless. Enter the while loop.
5.Use "if" to check whether the square of integer is larger than the number. If yes, just print it and 
seperate each anser with space.
6.Use "break" to stop the infinite while loop.
7.If the "if" condition is wrong, then plus integer by 1, and continue to look for the correct answer.

Q4:
1.Use "try except" to consider the invalid input condition.
2.Use "if" statement to check whether N is small or equal to 0. If yes, inform the user of invalid input.
3.If the "if" condition is wrong, then enter the "else" statement.
4.First print out the first head line:m   m+1   m**(m+1)
5.Then use a for loop to go through each row and print out the corresponding three numbers.

Q5:
1.Use "try except" to consider the condition of invalid input.
2.Use "count" to count the total number of prime numbers.
3.Use for loop to examine whether the number is prime numbers. If the number can only be divided 
by 1 and itself, then it is a prime number.
4.If the number is a prime number, then plus "count" by one. Print out the number and use"\t" to sort
it into a table.
5.If the total number of prime numbers can be divided by 8. Then use"print" to change line. Because 
the problem asks us to have at most 8 numbers each line.

Q6:
1.First inport built-in trigonometric functions from the math package.
2.Let the user to enter the corresponding a, b, n.
3.Use "eval" to convert the "a,b" into numbers and save them into variable a, b.
4.Use "try except" to handle the possible inproper inputs of n, such as a string.
5.Ask the user to specify a trigonometric fucntion and save it into the variable f.
6.Define a function f and save the three trigonometric functions to it.
7.Calculate each result using the given equation, and use "sum" to do the submission.
8.Display the result.